Audiovisual Communications Technologies/Technicians.
Computer and Information Sciences, General.
Special Education and Teaching.
Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering.
Mechanical Engineering.
Family and Consumer Sciences/Human Sciences, General.
Liberal Arts and Sciences, General Studies and Humanities.
Biology, General.
Health and Physical Education/Fitness.
Psychology, General.
Criminal Justice and Corrections.
Social Work.
Business Administration, Management and Operations.
Accounting and Related Services.
Marketing.
Communication and Media Studies.
Teacher Education and Professional Development, Specific Levels and Methods.
Teacher Education and Professional Development, Specific Subject Areas.
Biomedical/Medical Engineering.
Civil Engineering.
English Language and Literature, General.
Neurobiology and Neurosciences.
Mathematics.
Chemistry.
Anthropology.
Political Science and Government.
Sociology.
Drama/Theatre Arts and Stagecraft.
Fine and Studio Arts.
Health Services/Allied Health/Health Sciences, General.
Health and Medical Administrative Services.
Public Health.
Registered Nursing, Nursing Administration, Nursing Research and Clinical Nursing.
Finance and Financial Management Services.
Human Resources Management and Services.
Management Information Systems and Services.
History.
Aerospace, Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering.
Chemical Engineering.
Computer Engineering.
Industrial Engineering.
Physical Sciences, Other.
Information Science/Studies.
Multi/Interdisciplinary Studies, Other.
Rehabilitation and Therapeutic Professions.
Natural Resources Conservation and Research.
Journalism.
Radio, Television, and Digital Communication.
Public Relations, Advertising, and Applied Communication.
Family and Consumer Economics and Related Studies.
Foods, Nutrition, and Related Services.
Human Development, Family Studies, and Related Services.
Apparel and Textiles.
Multi-/Interdisciplinary Studies, General.
Geography and Cartography.
International Relations and National Security Studies.
Design and Applied Arts.
Music.
Communication Disorders Sciences and Services.
Allied Health Diagnostic, Intervention, and Treatment Professions.
Business/Managerial Economics.
Hospitality Administration/Management.
Management Sciences and Quantitative Methods.
Education, Other.
Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services, Other.
Clinical/Medical Laboratory Science/Research and Allied Professions.
Agriculture, General.
Agricultural Business and Management.
Animal Sciences.
Plant Sciences.
Forestry.
Wildlife and Wildlands Science and Management.
Architecture.
Environmental Design.
Architectural Engineering.
Biological/Biosystems Engineering.
Microbiological Sciences and Immunology.
Physiology, Pathology and Related Sciences.
Applied Mathematics.
Nutrition Sciences.
Geological and Earth Sciences/Geosciences.
Air Transportation.
Practical Nursing, Vocational Nursing and Nursing Assistants.
Legal Support Services.
Allied Health and Medical Assisting Services.
Clinical, Counseling and Applied Psychology.
Business/Commerce, General.
Dental Support Services and Allied Professions.
Computer Programming.
Computer Systems Networking and Telecommunications.
Computer/Information Technology Administration and Management.
Quality Control and Safety Technologies/Technicians.
Engineering Technologies/Technicians, Other.
Parks, Recreation and Leisure Studies.
Security Science and Technology.
Public Administration and Social Service Professions, Other.
Industrial Production Technologies/Technicians.
Religion/Religious Studies.
Religious/Sacred Music.
Research and Experimental Psychology.
Arts, Entertainment,and Media Management.
Ground Transportation.
Pharmacy, Pharmaceutical Sciences, and Administration.
Computer Science.
Linguistic, Comparative, and Related Language Studies and Services.
Statistics.
Health/Medical Preparatory Programs.
American Sign Language.
Science, Technology and Society.
Social Sciences, General.
General Sales, Merchandising and Related Marketing Operations.
Biological and Physical Sciences.
Mental and Social Health Services and Allied Professions.
Homeland Security.
Veterinary/Animal Health Technologies/Technicians.
Construction Trades, General.
Heating, Air Conditioning, Ventilation and Refrigeration Maintenance Technology/Technician (HAC, HACR, HVAC, HVACR).
Precision Metal Working.
Business Operations Support and Assistant Services.
Somatic Bodywork and Related Therapeutic Services.
Cosmetology and Related Personal Grooming Services.
Health Aides/Attendants/Orderlies.
Vehicle Maintenance and Repair Technologies.
City/Urban, Community and Regional Planning.
Landscape Architecture.
Ethnic, Cultural Minority, Gender, and Group Studies.
Graphic Communications.
Engineering, General.
Engineering Science.
Environmental/Environmental Health Engineering.
Materials Engineering
Manufacturing Engineering.
Construction Engineering Technologies.
Engineering-Related Fields.
East Asian Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics.
Romance Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics.
Non-Professional General Legal Studies (Undergraduate).
Rhetoric and Composition/Writing Studies.
Biochemistry, Biophysics and Molecular Biology.
International/Global Studies.
Philosophy.
Physical Sciences.
Physics.
Science Technologies/Technicians, Other.
Community Organization and Advocacy.
Public Policy Analysis.
Economics.
Visual and Performing Arts, General.
Dance.
Film/Video and Photographic Arts.
Medicine.
Entrepreneurial and Small Business Operations.
International Business.
Agriculture/Veterinary Preparatory Programs.
Architectural Sciences and Technology.
Architecture and Related Services, Other.
Area Studies.
Computer Software and Media Applications.
Educational Assessment, Evaluation, and Research.
Mining and Mineral Engineering.
Systems Engineering.
Legal Professions and Studies, Other.
Cell/Cellular Biology and Anatomical Sciences.
Astronomy and Astrophysics.
Public Administration.
Intelligence, Command Control and Information Operations.
Military Systems and Maintenance Technology.
Atmospheric Sciences and Meteorology.
Literature.
Religious Education.
Human Services, General.
Cultural Studies/Critical Theory and Analysis.
Criminology.
Construction Management.
Electromechanical Instrumentation and Maintenance Technologies/Technicians.
Environmental Control Technologies/Technicians.
Energy Systems Technologies/Technicians.
Electrical and Power Transmission Installers.
Agricultural Public Services.
Food Science and Technology.
Education, General.
Parks, Recreation and Leisure Facilities Management.
Heavy/Industrial Equipment Maintenance Technologies.
Health Professions and Related Clinical Sciences, Other.
Bible/Biblical Studies.
Culinary Arts and Related Services.
Drafting/Design Engineering Technologies/Technicians.
Ophthalmic and Optometric Support Services and Allied Professions.
Mechanical Engineering Related Technologies/Technicians.
Communications Technologies/Technicians and Support Services, Other.
Intercultural/Multicultural and Diversity Studies.
Behavioral Sciences.
Human Computer Interaction.
Communication, Journalism, and Related Programs, Other.
Natural Resources Management and Policy.
Agricultural Engineering.
Social Sciences, Other.
Bilingual, Multilingual, and Multicultural Education.
Dietetics and Clinical Nutrition Services.
Electrical Engineering Technologies/Technicians.
Biotechnology.
Ecology, Evolution, Systematics, and Population Biology.
Engineering, Other.
English Language and Literature/Letters, Other.
Psychology, Other.
Fire Protection.
Operations Research.
Urban Studies/Affairs.
Interior Architecture.
Construction Engineering.
Gerontology.
Cognitive Science.
Agricultural Production Operations.
Genetics.
Pharmacology and Toxicology.
Human Biology.
Social and Philosophical Foundations of Education.
Sustainability Studies.
Biomathematics, Bioinformatics, and Computational Biology.
Mathematics and Computer Science.
Visual and Performing Arts, Other.
Marine Transportation.
Building/Construction Finishing, Management, and Inspection.
Electrical/Electronics Maintenance and Repair Technology.
Business/Corporate Communications.
Specialized Sales, Merchandising and  Marketing Operations.
Zoology/Animal Biology.
Pastoral Counseling and Specialized Ministries.
Alternative and Complementary Medicine and Medical Systems.
Theological and Ministerial Studies.
Natural Sciences.
Real Estate.
Real Estate Development.
Funeral Service and Mortuary Science.
Biochemical Engineering.
Engineering Physics.
Metallurgical Engineering.
Petroleum Engineering.
Geological/Geophysical Engineering.
Precision Systems Maintenance and Repair Technologies.
Agricultural and Domestic Animal Services.
Soil Sciences.
Plumbing and Related Water Supply Services.
Applied Horticulture and Horticultural Business Services.
Civil Engineering Technologies/Technicians.
Computer Engineering Technologies/Technicians.
Architectural Engineering Technologies/Technicians.
Homeland Security, Law Enforcement, Firefighting and Related Protective Services, Other.
Leisure and Recreational Activities.
Educational Administration and Supervision.
Bioethics/Medical Ethics.
Peace Studies and Conflict Resolution.
Missions/Missionary Studies and Missiology.
Ocean Engineering.
Physical Science Technologies/Technicians.
Classics and Classical Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics.
Legal Research and Advanced Professional Studies.
Library Science and Administration.
Insurance.
Communications Technology/Technician.
Engineering Technology, General.
Agriculture, Agriculture Operations, and Related Sciences, Other.
Carpenters.
Curriculum and Instruction.
Nuclear Engineering.
Foreign Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics, Other.
Family and Consumer Sciences/Human Sciences Business Services.
Housing and Human Environments.
Sociology and Anthropology.
Teaching English or French as a Second or Foreign Language.
Data Entry/Microcomputer Applications.
Biological and Biomedical Sciences, Other.
Systems Science and Theory.
Biopsychology.
Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services, Other.
Mathematics and Statistics, Other.
Agricultural Mechanization.
International Agriculture.
Botany/Plant Biology.
Medical Illustration and Informatics.
Museology/Museum Studies.
Personal Awareness and Self-Improvement.
Agricultural and Food Products Processing.
Educational/Instructional Media Design.
Mechanic and Repair Technologies/Technicians, Other.
Nuclear and Industrial Radiologic Technologies/Technicians.
Architectural History and Criticism.
Natural Resources and Conservation, Other.
Computer Systems Analysis.
Precision Production, Other.
Teaching Assistants/Aides.
Personal and Culinary Services, Other.
Data Processing.
Mining and Petroleum Technologies/Technicians.
Marine Sciences.
Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering.
Alternative and Complementary Medical Support Services.
Polymer/Plastics Engineering.
Biology Technician/Biotechnology Laboratory Technician.
Electromechanical Engineering.
Mechatronics, Robotics, and Automation Engineering.
Crafts/Craft Design, Folk Art and Artisanry.
Fishing and Fisheries Sciences and Management.
Germanic Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics.
Paper Science and Engineering.
Theology and Religious Vocations, Other.
Health-Related Knowledge and Skills.
Ceramic Sciences and Engineering.
Dispute Resolution.
Parks, Recreation, Leisure, and Fitness Studies, Other.
Classical and Ancient Studies.
Military Technologies and Applied Sciences, Other.
Veterinary Biomedical and Clinical Sciences.
Construction Trades, Other.
Nuclear Engineering Technologies/Technicians.
Science Technologies/Technicians, General.
International and Comparative Education.
Textile Sciences and Engineering.
Medical Clinical Sciences/Graduate Medical Studies.
Forest Engineering.
Computational Science.
Publishing.
Woodworking.
Historic Preservation and Conservation.
Basic Skills and Developmental/Remedial Education.
Maritime Studies.
Movement and Mind-Body Therapies and Education.
Slavic, Baltic and Albanian Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics.
Middle/Near Eastern and Semitic Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics.
Mechanics and Repairers, General.
Family and Consumer Sciences/Human Sciences, Other.
Philosophy and Religious Studies, Other.
Engineering Mechanics.
Energy and Biologically Based Therapies.
Archeology.
Military Science and Operational Studies.
Telecommunications Management.
Materials Sciences.
